LICENSE line-endings
NOTICE line-endings
roles/aviconfig/README.md line-endings
plugins/modules/avi_sslprofile.py pep8:E501
plugins/module_utils/avi_api.py pylint!skip
plugins/module_utils/saml_avi_api.py pylint!skip
plugins/module_utils/utils/ansible_utils.py pylint!skip
plugins/module_utils/csp_avi_api.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_sslkeyandcertificate.py compile-2.6
plugins/modules/avi_gslb.py compile-2.6
plugins/modules/avi_controllerproperties.py compile-2.6
plugins/modules/avi_cloudconnectoruser.py compile-2.6
plugins/modules/avi_backupconfiguration.py compile-2.6
plugins/modules/avi_api_version.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_api_session.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_user.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_useraccount.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_update_se_data_vnics.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_saml_api_session.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_gslbservice_patch_member.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_bootstrap_controller.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_api_fileservice.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_api_image.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_api_version.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_api_session.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_user.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_useraccount.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_update_se_data_vnics.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_saml_api_session.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_gslbservice_patch_member.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_bootstrap_controller.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_api_fileservice.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_api_image.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_deploy_controller.py pep8:E722
plugins/modules/avi_deploy_controller.py pylint:bare-except
plugins/modules/avi_deploy_controller.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
tests/integration/run_tests.sh shebang
tests/integration/run_tests.sh shellcheck:SC2157
tests/integration/run_tests.sh shellcheck:SC2154
plugins/modules/avi_pulse_registration.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_pulse_registration.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/deploy_se.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/verify_se.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
roles/avicontroller/templates/avicontroller.j2 shebang
roles/avise/templates/avise.j2 shebang
roles/avise/templates/avise_service.j2 shebang
molecule/default/files/avi_config.yml line-endings
tests/unit/modules/test_avi_pool.py pylint!skip
plugins/modules/avi_serviceenginegroup_advanced.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_serviceenginegroup_advanced.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_saml_api_session.py validate-modules:doc-type-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/avi_labelgroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_labelgroup.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_systemlimits.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_systemlimits.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_licenseledgerdetails.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_licenseledgerdetails.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_useraccountprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_useraccountprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_controllerproperties.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_controllerproperties.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_cloudproperties.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_cloudproperties.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_licensestatus.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_licensestatus.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_seproperties.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_seproperties.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_tenant.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_tenant.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_webapput.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_webapput.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_cloudconnectoruser.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_cloudconnectoruser.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_hardwaresecuritymodulegroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_hardwaresecuritymodulegroup.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_alertscriptconfig.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_alertscriptconfig.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_customipamdnsprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_customipamdnsprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_networkprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_networkprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_stringgroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_stringgroup.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_ipaddrgroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_ipaddrgroup.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_fileobject.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_fileobject.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_sslprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_sslprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_applicationpersistenceprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_applicationpersistenceprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_alertemailconfig.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_alertemailconfig.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_snmptrapprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_snmptrapprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_autoscalelaunchconfig.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_autoscalelaunchconfig.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_securitypolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_securitypolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_protocolparser.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_protocolparser.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_jwtserverprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_jwtserverprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_wafapplicationsignatureprovider.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_wafapplicationsignatureprovider.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_errorpagebody.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_errorpagebody.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_testsedatastorelevel3.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_testsedatastorelevel3.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_botipreputationtypemapping.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_botipreputationtypemapping.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_botconfigconsolidator.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_botconfigconsolidator.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_tenantsystemconfiguration.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_tenantsystemconfiguration.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_federationcheckpoint.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_federationcheckpoint.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_gslbgeodbprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_gslbgeodbprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_albservicesconfig.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_albservicesconfig.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_siteversion.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_siteversion.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_statediffoperation.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_statediffoperation.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_image.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_image.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_controllerportalregistration.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_controllerportalregistration.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_systemreport.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_systemreport.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_dynamicdnsrecord.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_dynamicdnsrecord.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_role.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_role.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_serviceauthprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_serviceauthprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_controllersite.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_controllersite.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_inventoryfaultconfig.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_inventoryfaultconfig.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_albservicesfileupload.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_albservicesfileupload.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_webhook.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_webhook.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_securitymanagerdata.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_securitymanagerdata.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_cluster.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_cluster.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_albservicesfiledownload.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_albservicesfiledownload.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_vsgs.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_vsgs.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_poolgroupdeploymentpolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_poolgroupdeploymentpolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_memorybalancerrequest.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_memorybalancerrequest.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_albservicesjob.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_albservicesjob.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_backupconfiguration.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_backupconfiguration.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_clusterclouddetails.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_clusterclouddetails.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_certificatemanagementprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_certificatemanagementprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_ipamdnsproviderprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_ipamdnsproviderprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_analyticsprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_analyticsprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_wafpolicypsmgroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_wafpolicypsmgroup.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_wafprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_wafprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_botmapping.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_botmapping.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_csrfpolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_csrfpolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_natpolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_natpolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_pkiprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_pkiprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_ipreputationdb.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_ipreputationdb.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_geodb.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_geodb.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_microservicegroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_microservicegroup.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_errorpageprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_errorpageprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_testsedatastorelevel2.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_testsedatastorelevel2.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_gslb.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_gslb.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_statediffsnapshot.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_statediffsnapshot.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_upgradestatusinfo.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_upgradestatusinfo.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_upgradestatussummary.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_upgradestatussummary.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_authmappingprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_authmappingprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_scheduler.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_scheduler.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_sslkeyandcertificate.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_sslkeyandcertificate.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_applicationprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_applicationprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_wafpolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_wafpolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_botdetectionpolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_botdetectionpolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_networksecuritypolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_networksecuritypolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_testsedatastorelevel1.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_testsedatastorelevel1.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_backup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_backup.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_cloud.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_cloud.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_healthmonitor.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_healthmonitor.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_alertsyslogconfig.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_alertsyslogconfig.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_vrfcontext.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_vrfcontext.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_vcenterserver.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_vcenterserver.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_prioritylabels.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_prioritylabels.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_nsxtsegmentruntime.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_nsxtsegmentruntime.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_gslbservice.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_gslbservice.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_actiongroupconfig.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_actiongroupconfig.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_availabilityzone.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_availabilityzone.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_alertconfig.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_alertconfig.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_serverautoscalepolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_serverautoscalepolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_network.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_network.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_serviceenginegroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_serviceenginegroup.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_pool.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_pool.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_trafficcloneprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_trafficcloneprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_vsvip.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_vsvip.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_serviceengine.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_serviceengine.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_networkservice.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_networkservice.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_poolgroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_poolgroup.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_httppolicyset.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_httppolicyset.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_dnspolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_dnspolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_vsdatascriptset.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_vsdatascriptset.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_l4policyset.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_l4policyset.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_icapprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_icapprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_authprofile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_authprofile.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_ssopolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_ssopolicy.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_systemconfiguration.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_systemconfiguration.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/avi_virtualservice.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/avi_virtualservice.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/avi_api.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/saml_avi_api.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/utils/ansible_utils.py import-3.8!skip
